> - The collection while it has a few customizable options is **NOT** designed to be modified. The smallest change ***as simple as changing pocket size*** has caused game breaking issues and profile loss. Because of this I will provide **ZERO** support for anyone who modifies the collection even the slightest and feedback will not be taken into consideration.
>  - Those who alter the collection in any way and are discovered to have done so ***while still asking for help and/or lying*** about modifying the collection will be **permanently banned** from the discord. I put a lot of time into this collection and don't enjoy being taken advantage of or my free time being wasted. This collection is free, and I would like my time and person to be respected.
> - Keep in mind that a lot of these mods are altered **minimally to significantly** and do not function as they would normally due to this but function as I intend them to.
> - For now **DO NOT** build/upgrade both ***Med station & Water collector***. You can have **ONE** or the other but not both. This is due to an error thrown the breaks the game because of it. This is a priority one issue, but I have no idea when I will fix it. I suggest not building Water Collector but you are free to choose. This is an issue left behind from the previous mod author of Traveler in said mod which is now Wayferer and has significant changes made to it's locations, new ones added, etc.
> - **ALWAYS KEEP A BACK UP OF THE PREVIOUS GAME VERSION IN CASE YOU RUN INTO ERRORS/ISSUES IN THE NEW RELEASES**
# Requirements:
>  - .Net 6 Desktop Runtime https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-6.0.4-windows-x64-installer
>  - A legitimate copy of Escape From Tarkov.
>  - Do **NOT** use WinRAR; it is known to cause issues. **Use 7Zip**